# myProject
give the code for my three core web application with my idea for using my application as real-estate between sellers of agriculture land, open plots, flats, independent houses, buildings and commercial area/space to the buyers (arrange the filter for easy choose for the buyer in India by using the filters of in location bar State, District, Thaluka/Mandal, village/area name  in properties bar give filter options for which type of property he want to buy like agriculture land, open plots, flats, independent houses for buy by arranging area band/ area range from 0 to 100 in acres for agriculture land keep price filter from low to high/ high to low per acre, for open plots arrange the range band from 10 yards to 2000yards and keep price filter from low to high/ high to low per square yard, for flats arrange the range band from 100 feet's to 10000 feet's and keep price filter from low to high/ high to low per  square feet, for independent house arrange the range band from 10 yards to 2000yards and keep price filter from low to high/ high to low for total house, for buildings arrange the range band from 50 yards to 1000yards and keep price filter from low to high/ high to low for total building. for commercial area/space arrange the range band from 100 feet's to 10000 feet's and keep price filter from low to high/ high to low per  square feet.) in this web application seller/buyer need to signup by using the Gmail / phone number with one time password verification then after need to choose the seller/buyer option while creating the user name and password. and it will need to create seller own page for add his properties like above explained by choosing the property type to sell. after login as a seller to his page he need to give address of the property in address block, contact details in contact block, upload the images of selling property and you tube link if seller have, longitudes-latitudes of the property in separate block  mainly google maps location he need to choose for buyer choosing comfortability and enter the pin code in pin code block  for filter by the user and write description about the selling property up to 200 words  and add price of the property if its agriculture land per acre , for open plots give the price per square yard, for house give the price to total house, for building give the price for total building , for commercial area give the price per square feet as per filters .   buyer need to log in with buyer account and he can see the all selling properties near to his location up to 10 km radios default. if he choose the location filter then as per filter till 10 km radius.  if buyer want to use property type filters give the chance to use filters and price sorting option and also give the option to like the property that likes should be visible to seller. if buyer want to shortlist the property give the option to shortlist and keep the short listed properties in cart by creating the cart. if buyer open his cart it need to show all his short listed properties in his profile. same in seller page also it will reflect as how many members shortlisted his property.   give this web application secured, user friendly, colorfully like similar to Facebook application. by using the web application name as global real estates . colorful CSS styles and user friendly, secured application is mandatory. and give the code in frontend is react js and backend is in python language. and give instruction to build the code also....
